hand
the deborah colker dance company that was in great pitch this week
presented in the municipal theater his new show
with 16 dancers on the other scene deals with human relations with the lyricism that
a technique that is already a reference in Brazil and abroad 'but to reach
this level of quality the dancers of deborah colker dance companies
eight hours a day whether or not they are in season the producer of the group
gleison teixeira opened one of the essays for the duty to see closely how
the daily life of this group that is internationally respected are
how many bandarin 12 technical professionals currently working
are 16 shock dancers
bombarded two producers and five technicians of two tester
I felt choreography
in the specific case of cruel
this is the same amount or varies according to the dispute
wrong
it was not exactly with the show inmates of the moment of laboring today
in the day we were working known format in which
we will do for example route next month the same number
she works with the same name
it's yours to work for how long to put on a show as cruel with the
others the companion in the document in the two years I left the conception helped me
first time to
this relationship today works eight hours a day and its dancers
work eight hours a day technique varies at times until death
is a target but if not without weight no show unprecedented as we have
nine repertoire shows if you have to make several names in the
At the moment we're going to leave a little bit of a little bit of another
and this same program is already rehearsing the route that we are going
to introduce next month
generally with the dancers have to train
when you echelon works in the quite varied canopy of abra likes them
there were people there are circus people there are 20
a lot of people nowadays came from the classic
of the modern dance he already had dengue
rumor or lisbela she likes to vary but everyone studied a classic
all 31 was an action case too
now
the paranaense do treatment that did what they are preparing
any game
are now staying preparing what tonight's show in you
starts on day 5 humala of classic saran today at 3 pm ae
after an hour and fifteen of Indian classical class that the stage is there
starts corrections
all that was that the rehearser I think yesterday did not go very well in the
Show
work this job that work is always arrive at the best present now
they are doing they are getting ready with tonight's show you
traveled with how many tons of equipment
depends on the spectacle this is one of the lowest lvs order 7% sales of
equipment
now is the new for example are very on the 14th
oo 4x4 also the route is already a little smaller and like this more or less 7
ranges from seven to 14 years
may reveal that the next goal project accompanies delay colker
looking a bit because we too tired and that debut of the program there was
It consumed us a lot
much happened thanks to god the dell is very involved now consepe
solemn
and is that she's directed the show first woman and the first
the show that the cirque de soleil
2009 so until then she does not have new projects with the company the people
goes on tour and continues to perform with the shows that have already
there are when she comes back
dulci person law and in 2009 and May 2009 that is when debuts there
then she will start thinking about the new project I believe to debut in 2010
or 2011 when there is usually the idea
she comes out of it she shares the creation with the dancers or
young man more or less sketched out of her mind as she wants the show
It started as ugly as here works this process the two things she
at the moment i have
aligning that I want
talk of this as she wanted to talk about
relationships between people like me
It's a lot about it and it says it's a deep show about love.
because it's her are those people involves a lot of love
and it's cruel to watch over a crowell about love
berna to be a supporter of the tracks only in the hour jorginho of oak
lighting
year
anyway costumes she used to change
vary depending on the spectacle that made the film of reef samuel cirnansck there
from Sao Paulo
and that's when she starts talking to those partners who are bringing
ideas
and when this really starts it turns dancing there the dancers also
It helps a lot
and the two assistants carina méndez since they eliminate attacked contribute a lot
we also took a short break during the trial and were able to speak
also with the dancers about their work as it is the routine of a
ballet dancer
we start with a ballet class every day at 10:30 a.m.
so the ballet is our all over the world recipe here
then we have another wing kim are also contemporary with mta
bad allied people
to predominate works because there is also much that hangs in
walls fashion then you also have to have a support let's jump from here up
né and then we have to leave until 6 and 15 in the interval we try
give the name of the jihad and 45 minutes dalmo sena in the background the show that most
marked in those 13 years
it was not one of the last north
the show we work with over 90 lambs
are several more beautiful character settlings of the company also
it's a great privilege
It is an immense satisfaction.
the fact
because we know that the Brazilian dance scene there are very few
professional companies, which is the dance company
deborah colker then within a contingent of many talented boys
whereas in Brazil
rest assured that being here is a privilege